Welcome, one and all, to the
Secular Solstice celebration
for 2020.
This is not the Secular
Solstice celebration.
This is the song before the
Secular Solstice celebration.
Ray's asked me to do the
warming up tune, and tonight
that's going to be
"Necronomicon", which is Ray's
version of "Winter Wonderland"
with just much darker themes.
now. If you were not aware,
Secular Solstice every year is
a big sing-along, normally with
everyone in a room, and they've
put together some technologies
to try and recreate that
given that we're all in our
homes,
where
we'll all be staggered.
So,
people who sing before you,
you'll be able to hear them,
sing along with them,
and the people who sing after
you will be able to hear you
and sing along with you.
So please send your heart out,
and
the more everyone
does that, the better it'll go.
Fingers crossed.
So without further ado, we'll
sing "Necronomicon".